{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I am a freelance designer and Illustrator currently bouncing between Indianapolis and Muncie, Indiana. \
\
Once I\'92ve graduated from Ball State University in 2018 I\'92ve got my sights set on working for a design firm. I\'92ve flirted with the idea of settling anywhere from New York to Alaska to Australia. \
\
So far, my portfolio includes multiple large-scale murals that I was commissioned to design for public spaces, two billboards I designed in college, and branding work for Turner Classic Movies, Riverside Normal City Neighborhood, the city of Muncie, and Be Here Now. I\'92ve also designed multiple apps and websites as well as  countless print materials for Ball State University through the Digital Corps. \
\
I want to continue designing work in the public sphere that people regularly interact with. \
\
I\'92m driven to the point of being annoying but it\'92s led me to many incredible experiences that I wouldn\'92t have otherwise had. I firmly believe in the art of asking (and asking again), and the importance of teaching yourself. (I taught myself to code and now look at this sparkly website.) I never want to stop learning and branching out to new mediums and methods.\
\
Thank you for checking out my work, I\'92d love to hear from you! I\'92m always accepting freelance and looking for new opportunities.}